Currency Acquisition Unit collects exit tax, which was enacted by Clinton in xxx during the Clinton administration and extended to digital currencies by President Trump in his second term in XXXX. The CAU's powers are so extensive that it can take over both the judicial and executive branches and can also and especially operate outside the U.S. and even the IS. This 2022 amendment to the law resulted in a dramatic exodus of high net individuals, who increasingly concentrated on citadels scattered around the world.

Monetary Union:
The holiday of "Monetary Liberty" is celebrated by all countries of the new Monetary Union, which was proclaimed in 2035 by Switzerland, Argentina, Zimbabwe, Costa Rica, Malta, Venezuela, North Korea, Sweden, Finland, Denmark, Russia, Iran and Israel. The monetary union includes all countries that have accepted the credits as the only legal tender. This means that a transaction must be settled in credits in all these countries.

Independent countries:
Several other countries have not yet joined the Monetary Union. These include the USA, China, Russia, India and Pakistan. In these countries, credits are prohibited and possession and trade is punishable by imprisonment and sometimes worse.

Global warming has been significantly reduced in the last 20 years. Unfortunately, the reversal of global warming came for many especially African countries and for many islanders and credits as a battery that made energy production in remote areas possible.
The world has changed dramatically since the 2020s
- Bitcoin Ban
- recession in countries which emphasized a Bitcoin standard which resulted in a deflation
Some countries were able to circumvent this problem by using "Covered 
- Some countries backed their local currencies with Bitcoin or abandoned their FIATS altogether. This triggered the prisoners dilemma punishing the countries which embraced Credits later harder. It was interesting to see the countries with the strongest currencies like the Yuan, the US Dollar or the Euro hold on to their currency the longest. This resulted in a wealth redistribution of epic proportions. All of that was catalyzed by the worldwide covid pandemic of the year 2020 which resulted in massive money printing sprees by many governments. As soon as the economy rebounded the effects were a massive inflation. So more and more people tried to preserve their wealth by buying credits. The effect was that many people in high government ranks saw either their money's purchasing power being diminished by inflation or they were already invested in credits. This penetration of the government apparatus with Credits supporters led in part to remarkably Credit-friendly laws.

Sea Citadels
Some Creditsfriends bought boats which they armed and disguised as tankers, which they convert to luxury yachts. Several of these boats formed agglomerations in international waters, so these water citadels were not subject to any jurisdiction. Communication is via a network of satellites operated by Blockstream, Spacex and various other companies.
Non-volatile data storage
Data storage has made significant progress in the last 10 years. Read only data are stored mainly on Zerodur cubes. This cube is extremely durable, heat and radiation as well as chemical and pressure resistant. The data is introduced by using focused laser radiation to introduce refractive index gradients into the surface, which in turn can be extracted using a complex system of lens arrays and illumination of the cube with coherent light. This is a read only system, which is especially used for the storage of keys. 
Space Citadels are also being planned, but they are exorbitantly expensive.

Since many HODLER are very wealthy people they could buy influence in different governments or infiltrate them. This was especially introduced by the progress of the Credit Protocol like TapRoot or Schnorr signatures or the Lightning network which were available as early as 2022 and have increased the identity protection of the people involved, making it almost impossible to determine the exact ownership.

- Cold Fusion - Private Nuclear Reactor Ownership - Iceland and the Sub Sahara region have become financial centers as renewable energy sources provide the necessary computing capacity to validate the credit network's transactions. 
A bunch of crazies bought the first fusion reactor Wendelstein 7-X from the german government in the late 2030s after the looming financial crisis required the government to sell all non essencial assets. This fusion reactor has been used since for extended bitcoin mining. Something similar happened in the Ukraine, where the government was forced to sell a nuclear power plant to a high net worth individual. Again the produced electricity was used to mine bitcoins and ensure the network's stability. 

- Private mercenary armies now play a very important role in asserting the interests of states or individuals internationally. Here, too, the market economy rules, which has led to individuals being able to exercise more military power than many states can.

Especially valuable are accounts whose coins have not been moved since 2017 or earlier, which means that the keys have either been stolen, lost or the people who bought them and the coins still have them. 
By means of an algorithm (Chainalysis) the IDs of the buyers can be assigned to these wallets. These "Golden Geese" represent for Wei the accounts that are particularly worthwhile targets. In addition, the user's assets can be determined on the basis of various transactions, especially if the user does not operate a high level of IP security. If the user is an American citizen and has moved his residence abroad, the exit tax will be calculated automatically and a kind of bounty will be imposed on the person. Such "golden geese" are not only hunted by the CAU but also by freelancers. 
