Characters

Christopher Goldsworthy
From Atlanta. Is a Bitcoiner living in Costa Rica 1. He is fabulously rich and owns 6.15 Bitcoins. He is married to Kathy and has a daughter, Jennifer. 
Arogant bastard - divorced - drug or alcohol problem. Created a meme with a cat about Bitcoin in 2013 - went viral and someone referred him 6.15 btc. Only noticed it later. 

Peter Best 
Is the operator and manager and the security officer of Costa Rica I authorizes the army of mercenaries. He is his kind of concierge who takes care of everything with his connections partly also in the underworld he can do almost everything possible for the inhabitants yes he organizes the hypersonic flights as well as different excursions our hero is also very proud of the concierge service of Costa Rica 1 who can fulfill almost all wishes of the inhabitants

CAU Agent Astrid Børman
She lives in a penthouse loft in Stockholm this apartment has a panic room where her bed is located this panic room is small enough for a small bedside table with a laptop and her bed the walls are made of solid steel and the door is heavily armored she sold her supervisor the procurement of such a panic room as necessary for her work in reality this panic room seems to be the right place for her Retinal implant failure of the cage means inside she is sure that only what she sees remains personal to her so to speak I have a crew of several single areas with privacy because once the panic room theory is closed it is no longer possible for her superiors to log into her wiped feed normally she communicates with how large the lake loads an instruction on an encrypted USB stick and this USB Stick Dahl with a note from her housekeeper has this complex procedure sent to the post office by mail. This is necessary because of course all incoming and outgoing data connections can be monitored by her liaison officer via  fiber optic cable. 
The agent has a retinal implant, which not only enables her to display augmented reality functionalities in the peripheral retinal area, but also enables her liaison officer to access her "LiveFeed" at any time - for example to check whether she has embezzled confiscated currency. However, the agent has no way of knowing whether this has actually ever happened. The CAU is thus concerned with "debt capital consolidation" - another word for government-sponsored theft. In fact, such a procedure is known - a prominent example is the privateer Francis Drake who, in the name of the English Crown, robbed merchants and sailors of their wealth as early as the 15th century. It can only move outside the legality of the IS to a certain extent, as it is monitored via the net heap. The really bad things are done by Wikus. Whether the retinal implant is actually permanent or just randomly monitored or even monitored at all, Astrid knows that even if she would break the law she would never be punished this would never be punished as the government is too dependent on the foreign exchange he procures from it to allow itself to initiate an investigation against one of its most successful agents

Kato Wimdu
Former Ethiopian hacker - Lies in a "fishtank" is Sleeper - Overweight and through the VR glasses, which he constantly wears strongly short-sighted. Professional with connections into the dark corners of VR - responsible for the IT security of Costa Rica 1, but lives and works in Addis Ababa, as he likes to indulge in an extravagant lifestyle. 

Wikus van de Merve 
Contract killers and mercenaries from South Africa. Takes care of the "dirty details" for Agent Borman. Wikus and Astrid met in Ethiopia during the water wars. Commands a Robodog and she has a Robodog to which she can connect via the retinal implant. This Robodog can shoot as well as run extremely fast and hack computer systems. It is equipped with a rudimentary AI and can track people and vehicles. It can also be remotely controlled by Agent Borman. Wikus van der Merwe kent got Mrs. Bormann out of the water in Ethiopia where they had already met in the course of various sabotage actions, which were also part of or not legal and would be denied by the governments involved. to encrypt your communication Hotel possible this procedure in both of them to exchange without the retinal implant implant of Astrid a problem for the security of their communication represents at the time of the water wars Astrid did not have such a retinal implant this was only inserted when summoned to the CAU.

Jarvis (better Name for an AI needed)
How to train from scratch because it is risky to use already trained artificial intelligence without knowing how many relevant modifications have been made to the neural network and therefore we decided to train from scratch with something like our second child. Jarvis is a humanoid as he is equipped with a simple artificial intelligence and is activated by voice commands where different factors have to match so that a command is recognized as a voice command by its owner so Jarvis is programmed only on my voice and that of my wife and daughter about In addition, Jarvis will always try to make visual contact with me or my wife to make sure that these are legitimate orders. Mist justice of sharp is made of a hardened titanium alloy which is coated with a black lacquer which happens naked even for a carbon nanotube and absorbs light to 99, 99% this has the consequence that Charles is more or less only perceived as a black outline with some LED lights. For this somewhat extravagant painting I decided to use a black outline because it is very good to hide different features of his body and it is not obtrusive. 

Lao Wei 
Lao Wei is the North Korean hacker who specializes in uncovering the data of HNIs and selling them to, for example, the CAU to trade such identities over the dark net in a VR. A particularly rich source of personal data from rich people is the hacking of the early Bitcoin file-sharing sites, as the security measures were not considered critical/necessary by most users or even file-sharing sites themselves. 
